release: v1.38.0 (#4494)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_metric_name.md

> ### Use the right conventions for batching metrics ([PR #4424](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4424))
> 
> Rename `apollo_router.operations.batching` to  `apollo.router.operations.batching` because it doesn't follow our conventions with `apollo.router.` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rename batching metric for naming convention conformance ([PR #4424](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4424))

In this release, the `apollo_router.operations.batching` metric has been renamed to  `apollo.router.operations.batching` to conform to our naming convention of a `apollo.router.` prefix.
```
